Presenter: Welcome back.
As part of step 06, we are going to review
the IngressClass Kubernetes manifest,
which is present in 0801 load balancer controller install.
And inside that, you have the Kube manifest folder.
And inside that,
you have the 01 IngressClass resource.yaml.
So let's go to our visual studio code here,
and go to 08 new ELB application load balances.
And inside that 0801 load balancer controller install,
and inside that you'll find something called
Kube Manifest folder.
And there you'll find the 01 IngressClass resource.yaml.
And we already discussed about this in the presentation
also, API version, kind, metadata, and then spec.
And here the API version is going
to be networking.k8s.io/v1, and kind is IngressClass,
and name of my IngressClass is, My AWS IngressClass.
And in Spec, you'll have something called Controller,
and you'll define your controller name as,
or you'll define the controller this with spec 2
IngressClass you are going to tie
with is the AWS ALB Ingress controller,
which is nothing but our AWS load balancer controller,
you can save.
And you also define the annotation
ingressclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class: "true"
so that any Ingress services deployed
inside this Kubernetes cluster will be associated
with the AWS load balancer controller
whatever you have installed in the previous steps.
So that's another important thing to know.
So now let's come back here
and deploy this Ingress resource.
So we'll say Kubectl apply hyphen cube manifest
so that anything present
inside this Kube manifest folder will be deployed.
So let's come back to our terminal here.
We are in 0801 load balancer controller install
and we'll say Kubectl,
apply hyphen F and cube manifest slash.
And this should create the IngressClass for us.
So let's wait for the IngressClass to get created.
So we can see IngressClass got created
with name My AWS IngressClass.
So now we are going to get the IngressClass
and also describe the IngressClass.
So Kubectl, get IngressClass,
and we should see that AWS
my AWS IngressClass got created successfully here.
16 seconds before.
And we'll also say
Describe IngressClass.
And its name is my AWS IngressClass.
Kubectl describe IngressClass and my AWS IngressClass.
And you can see name and annotation
whatever you have specified and controller, whatever it has
and events has nothing here.
So this completes the creation of our installation
of our setup of AWS load balancer controller on EKS cluster
and also creating the IngressClass for and making it
as the default IngressClass, a default Ingress controller
for our Kubernetes using the IngressClass concept.
So I'll see you in the next lecture
or in the next section with Ingress basics.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.